Dataset:
The breast cancer Wisconsin (diagnostic) data set used here contains 31 columns
and 569 entries (rows). It requires data cleaning. The categorical values of the column
“diagnosis” have been changed to the binary values, that is “malignant” (cancerous)
tumor has been changed to “1” and “benign” (non-cancerous) tumor has been changed
to “0,” respectively. The data set is being normalized to bring its mean to 0 and
standard deviation to 1. The outliers have been removed to get an evenly distributed
data set (Figs. 10 and 11).
Now the data set is ready to apply KNN [14] and SVM [15] algorithm, respectively.

MODEL:
For model we are going to choose between two classifiers known as KNN(K-Nearest Neighbours)&
SVM(Support Vector Machine).
FIRST TRAIN ON BOTH AND CHOOSE THE ONE WITH HIGHER ACCURACY.

X_train:contains 70% of Dataset.
X_test:contains the rest 30%.

steps involved for model training :
PRINCIPAL COMPONENT ANALYSIS
choose the correct no. of principal component features so as to maximize accuracy with 
KNN model .


PERFORMANCE EVALUATION
we are going to use a confusion matrix ,which is generally used for classifiers.

RESULTS
The following is obtained for tracing the contours (Fig. 17).
It is observed that after thresholding the nuclei are segmented. After that finding the contours and tracing them on the grayscale image, the nuclei are distinctly
separated. After getting the nuclei, we apply the above steps to obtain the features
values.
We find a scatter plot where we take y-axis to be set to zero x-axis has been taken
to be the feature values obtained. Following scatter plot shows a plot using two values
for each feature: one by using the mean of all values of all columns and the second
one by using the values obtained by image processing techniques. It is observed that
the graph is almost overlapping except for at two points (shown by orange and blue
color, respectively). This confirms that the methodology used here is almost accurate
(Fig. 18).
Hence, we finally apply the obtained feature values to the proposed model. This
confirms that the affected tumor is “BENIGN,” that is “non–cancerous.”